
# StageRemover

A simple mod that removes stages from the destination pool in RoR2.

## How it works

Stage Remover interrupts the normal process of the game deciding which stage you should go to next, and instead forces it to pick a new destination if what it originally chose is within the list of "disabled" stages. By using the config file generated by the mod, you are able to control which stages are enabled and disabled, even (hopefully) modded maps. This should make the mod relatively lightweight and hopefully not interfere too heavily with other mods that allow you to add or remove maps, though conflicts are still expected.

## NOTE

 This mod increases the load time starting a run. Depending on your machine, this can take awhile. On my machine, it took ~10-20 seconds to load a run. There is nothing I can do about this.
 
 Additionally, due to the behavior of the game loading stages, the mod does not work for the first 2 stages of the run. This means that if you remove a Stage 1 or Stage 2 map, they will not be removed until you come to these Stage sets a second time. I am unsure if there is anything I can do about this, as it took me a week to figure it out to this point. This is a low-priority issue and as long as it is not an issue, I am okay with this behavior.
 
 I do not know if this is compatible with multiplayer. If it is not, let me know in an issue on GitHub, or on the Risk of Rain 2 modding discord @derslayr#7115.

## Credits

 - derslayr - Developer
 - Twiner - Assisted with development by supplying Check() method and advice on how to more safely perform the mod's intended actions

## Changelog

 - v1.0.0
	- Initial version of the mod. Currently only works on Sundered Grove by completely removing it from the game's destination pool at the start of a run.
 - v2.0.0
	 - Total rewrite of algorithm.
	 - Now has config options to control which maps are enabled and disabled.
	 - No longer removes map from destination pool to avoid conflicts. Mod now simply forces the game to choose a new location if the initially chosen destination if disabled in config.
	 - Hopefully supports modded maps, though you will need to know the SceneName for the map to use this feature.

## Future Plans

 - Implement method to change starting stage (low priority)
 - Improve handling of modded maps (only priority if current methods are not functional)
 - Larger scale testing
